#WeAreIn to create tiny chips and big careers. The future won’t wait... why should you? Join us and make a difference. Whether you join as a student, intern, or trainee, you'll be part of something real - real projects, real impact, and real opportunities to grow. Are you in?

Your Role

Key responsibilities in your new role

Take responsibility: You support the reliability and qualification team with the development of a new measurement software tool in Python
Shape the future: The tool you will help develop will run in our reliability labs across the globe
Expand your horizons: You gain insights into the world of semi-conductor reliability testing, the design of database systems (Back-End development) and best practices of Graphical User Interface (GUI) design (Front-End development)
Lifelong learning: You become familiar with best practices of agile working methods (DevOps)


Your Profile

Qualifications and skills to help you succeed

Study field: You are currently studying in Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or similar; Minimum 1 year remaining in current study program
Experience: You have experience working with Python and SQL
Way or working: You show a systematic and self-driven working style and you are problem-solving oriented
Personality: You thrive in a team-work environment and enjoy a dynamic workspace
Language skills: You have good German and English skills, both written and spoken

Please attach the following documents to your application:
CV in English
Certificate of enrollment at university
Latest grades transcript (not older than 6 months)
High school report

Important information:
Working part-time: The focus is on studies. Therefore, working student is possible during the lecture period with a maximum of 20 hours per week.
Proper students (according to the German law) are welcome: You must be enrolled, and the examination results or modules of your studies must not have been completed yet, so that you can still work in our team for at least 6 months. You must also not be in a semester of leave.
You should live close to the site: It is important for us to work with you on site and to integrate you into the team. You should therefore be able to come to the site regularly.



Contact:
    Anne Bergner

Further links:

Find out what we are looking for in your CV
Find out how the student application process works with us
Discover our student website
#WeAreIn for driving decarbonization and digitalization.
As a global leader in semiconductor solutions in power systems and IoT, Infineon enables game-changing solutions for green and efficient energy, clean and safe mobility, as well as smart and secure IoT. Together, we drive innovation and customer success, while caring for our people and empowering them to reach ambitious goals. Be a part of making life easier, safer and greener.
Are you in?

We are on a journey to create the best Infineon for everyone.
This means we embrace diversity and inclusion and welcome everyone for who they are. At Infineon, we offer a working environment characterized by trust, openness, respect and tolerance and are committed to give all applicants and employees equal opportunities. We base our recruiting decisions on the applicant´s experience and skills. Learn more about our various contact channels.
We look forward to receiving your resume, even if you do not entirely meet all the requirements of the job posting.
Please let your recruiter know if they need to pay special attention to something in order to enable your participation in the interview process.
Click here for more information about Diversity & Inclusion at Infineon.